My name's Joe Kaye.
I work at Marshview Middle School.
I'm the custodian there.
Yeah.
Today, I'm going to talk to you about,
students and staff relationship.
Within the school.
The relationship with me
and the students in
the school is,
is a little bit different, I would say,
than what it is for a lot of custodians.
I got a very,
I'm. I relate to them
on a very personal level.
And, I work with the kids quite a bit.
They, they come down and give me a hand
all the time.
They're they're constantly asked them
to get out, to come and give me a hand.
So it's, it's a lot of, hands on
working with the kids and,
just spend quality time with them,
I guess.
So some of the stuff that, I do with
the kids would be like, at during
lunch hour, there's a group of usually 5
or 6 kids that come down every day.
They're just eager to give me a hand
every day.
So we, we have our, like,
15 minute lunch period, and,
then we just get straight to work
and they're all like, just
they can't wait to get out
and get something done.
That's all they want to do. They want
something to do with their hands.
They want to
they want to work and stay busy.
That's that's 15 minutes is all
they need to eat their lunch.
And if you give them any more than that,
they're in trouble.
And they, they just they want to work.
So For example, one of the,
like one of the many benefits that
I find comes of, working with the kids
so much as it, it, it gives them,
a little bit more of a
reason to want to come to school,
something to look forward to.
For example, there's a, young fellow
here at the school.
He works with me almost every day.
It doesn't matter whether he's
feeling down or doesn't want to do it.
He still comes down and he's there.
I can count on to be there every day.
And, his father owns
a local business here in town,
and I was talking with him one morning
and he said, keep doing what you're doing
because my son doesn't come home and say,
I did this with so-and-so at lunch,
or I did this for so-and-so.
He says, today at, lunch, I was doing
this with Joe and this with Joe.
He says,
so you keep doing what you're doing here.
So I'm not saying
you're keeping them in school,
but he said, you're giving up something
to look forward to.
So One of the many benefits
is also for myself, because it leaves me
going home feeling a lot
better about myself every day.
I can come in here
and be having the worst more in the world.
And there's like, usually, usually by 9:00
in the morning, there's like three kids
that have said, I, I, you're the best,
you know, the best teacher in the school.
You're the best employee not employee.
But they that's they always say teacher
the best at all in the school.
Like every morning never fails.
There's always some kid saying it, and
and it just makes you feel good, I guess.
So As, as, like a final comment,
I guess I'd say is, one thing
a lot of people don't realize is the
the staff reaches out a lot further
than just the teachers in the school.
The, the I myself didn't realize that
before I started working
within the school.
And my first probably two years,
I didn't implement this,
System, I guess that I have going
I didn't work with the kids nearly
as much, and I wish that I would have,
because the the last five years
that I've been working with the district
has flew by.
And, I love working at Mark two.
It's a great school.
The kids make it even better.
They've just, And one more proven
point to me that the staff is a lot
more than just the teachers at the school,
because they make it worthwhile going to
the school every day.